we want to present you
our framework called thc that stands for
treasure hunt creator that is a free and
open source framework to build treasure
hunt games
so what is a treasure hunt a treasure
hunt uh it's also called scavenger hunt
is a game that you play in a physical
space like an office a school a building
or a whole city eventually
and the game itself is built around the
story and the story is organized in two
levels
each level contains a quest and a puzzle
the quest reveals a part of the story
and the hints on where to find the
puzzle
and the puzzle contains a riddle that
the player needs to solve in order to
get the password to progress to the next
level
phc stands for treasure hunt creator and
it's not the game itself but instead is
a set of tools that we developed
in in the last month to create
decentralized treasure hunts and we
developed it on top of ipss
and ethereum so this is just a rough
overview on how the system works
and as i told your game has different
levels each level has a quest
a puzzle and a password and this
structure that is
nothing more than a three then a
directory tree is
put into thc that parses it and then it
outputs three things
it uploads on apfs all the encrypted
levels of the
of the game it also uploads on on
ethereum the smart contract that
represents the game
and it uploads on the pss also the app
and i will show you in a second what i
mean by that
once deployed the game is immutable and
players what they do basically is they
use the dap
to read the story and to submit
passwords
as i told you the game is played in real
real land that players used to basically
uh
get into big players
uh i note that it's important passwords
are submitted to the smart contract and
as some of us know the transactions are
public in the field network so we use
general knowledge proof to avoid ripley
attacks
i want to give you a short overview of
the game so this is a screenshot of the
dap
we developed a game for the chaos
communication congress 2019
we had more than 200 players and
this is basically the screen source
screenshot from the from the
smartphone as you can see this is
chapter zero all this contact
content is loaded from ipss and is
decrypted using the password of the
previous chapter
in this case there was like a initial
password to basically access chapter
zero
then here you can see also leaderboard
this data is pulled from the smart
contract
and just to give you an idea on
what a puzzle is and what i mean with a
real life game
players had to for example for a
specific shopper chapter they had to
find
a box in this case that was a cardboard
box that was secured with a
heavy lock with an heavy lock and they
had to open the lock to access the
password to basically go to the next
level
i will share at the end of this
lightning talk also the blog post we
wrote
about the game is quite long but we also
collected a lot of interesting
information about
the the game and how we developed the
ipfs and ethereum parts
so basically phc bridges ipfs and
ethereum
and what we do that is quite nice
we basically store in the smart contract
we see id of all levels
so this makes in a way the game
immutable and this was also a problem
that
someone else mentioned with the nfps and
everything is encrypted on a pss and we
use aes
on the client to decrypt the data so
that's my lighting talk and
also get ready for a new current and
compliant adventure
by social distancing protocol we rename
ourselves to
distancing from distortion it's called
information in our website distortion
with xero.com
or you can follow us on twitter here
that's all thank you
um when do you expect to have the
quarantine
version out the current inversion uh
we are working right now on on on the on
the
new store chapters usually we have
around 20 chapters
and you will be able to play the game
from home this time but still like some
of the puzzles will be like
in i don't know hidden in some websites
or i don't know some
in some webcams that you have to to to
find in the
on the internet and stuff like this i
guess that
maybe a couple of weeks we should be
ready to go with 21-21